that's a 1923 t-bucket a 1923 t-bucket
did you build this no I got it from a
guy at a suburban Tennessee about five
years ago so you went down to the
Tennessee ride run and found this
awesome how do you like it I love it
yeah
daylight today is a good day to have a
car like this out and about so what's
the engine 383 stroker how much how many
horse 450 so it'll get it done yeah I
bet you get challenges all the time
don't you not really no I mean no I just
take the shows I don't yeah cool
it's for sale it is what do you get get
out of it
I'll take 19 5 for 19 5 as it is I mean
there's there's absolutely nothing wrong
no ok well I'll put this up on my
youtube channel you never know somebody
might judge somebody might want this
it is a beautiful car I love that shift
handle then shift knob that's sweet
so what are you going to get are you
gonna get something different no you
getting out of hot rodding
no getting out of hot run I'm just I'm
just looking for something my wife don't
like no does not like she probably
doesn't feel safe in it does he yeah
yeah no I could see that being a woman's
issue we don't make cruises is that
where they go thank you that it's dead
man that's cool well thanks for letting
me know
you